[IMP] Attendances: updating kiosks (#13004)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/attendances/kiosks.rst

Kiosks
======

> Odoo's **Attendances** app allows employees to check in and out of work directly from the database,
> or from a kiosk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo's **Attendances** app allows employees to check in and out of work directly from the database or a kiosk.
```

A kiosk is a :doc:`dedicated device <hardware>` (a PC, tablet, or mobile phone) for employees to use
when they check in and out.

Kiosks are needed for employees who do **not** have access to the database.

> Only employees with access to the database can check in and out from the **Attendances** app, and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only employees with access to Odoo can check in and out from the **Attendances** app, and
```

> they are referred to as *users*.

Author: They are simply "database users", not portal users.

Basically, you can be an employee and/or a user. A user is a paid person who can log into the database and use it, whereas all employees are listed as employees in the app, and can scan in/sign in to log their working hours, without being full user's in the database. So that's why I defined it up here, just to clarify.

Configuration
=============

> There are only a few configurations needed to use kiosks in the **Attendances** application.

Reviewer 2: Vale doesn't like "There are" on my end. Also is it specifically two configurations?

Configuration
=============

> Only a few configurations needed to use kiosks in the **Attendances** application. Navigate to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use kiosks in the **Attendances** application, navigate to
```

> :menuselection:`Attendances app --> Configuration` to access the :guilabel:`Settings` page to
> configure the :ref:`Modes section <attendances/kiosk-mode>` and the
> :ref:`attendances/kiosk-settings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Attendances app --> Configuration`. On the :guilabel:`Settings` page,
configure the :ref:`Modes section <attendances/kiosk-mode>` and the
:ref:`attendances/kiosk-settings`.
```

Once all desired settings have been configured, click the :guilabel:`Save` button on the
:guilabel:`Settings` page, to activate and enable them.

.. _attendances/kiosk-mode:

Modes section
-------------

Determine how an employee checks in when using a kiosk. On the settings page, using the drop-down
menu for the :guilabel:`Kiosk Mode` :icon:`fa-building-o` field in the :guilabel:`Modes` section,
make the desired selection. Options are :guilabel:`Barcode/RFID`, :guilabel:`Barcode/RFID and Manual

> Selection`, or :guilabel:`Manual Selection`.

Reviewer: what is  the difference between these different options? a quick explanation or link to a doc that covers it would be helpful!

Author: Ahh, it just explains how you can sign in - I can link to the sign in doc here!

Author: Actually, I added a sentence explaining what they are.

The various settings in the :guilabel:`Kiosk Settings` section determine how employees check in and
out with kiosks.

- :guilabel:`Barcode Source` :icon:`fa-building-o`: this setting **only** appears if one of the two

>   *Barcode/RFID* selections were configured for the :ref:`Kiosk Mode <attendances/kiosk-mode>`

Author: Awesome! And yeah, it's the only relevance Barcode has to HR =)

RFID
----

> To check in or out using an RFID key fob, scan the fob with an RFID reader.

Reviewer: didn't know what a key fob was until today!

Author: I have one for my studio and one for my gym, if not I wouldn't know either!

Users who do not have a scannable badge, or an RFID fob, can manually check in and out at a kiosk.

Tap the :icon:`fa-user-o` :guilabel:`Identify Manually` button on the kiosk, and a screen appears

> with all the employees that can be checked in or out. The *Employees* application dashboard has the

Author: Ahh! I missed one!

display.

Tap on a person to check them in or out, and a :ref:`confirmation message
<attendances/confirmation>` appears.

To find a specific person, either:

- Search: tap into the search bar and enter the desired person's name. As the name is typed in, the
  matching results are displayed on the screen.

> - By department: tap on any desired selection in the department section, located on the left-side of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By department: tap on any desired selection in the department section, located on the left side of
```

--------------------

When an employee checks in or out, a confirmation message appears, with all the check in or check
out information.

> When checking in, :guilabel:`Welcome (Employee)` appears, as well as the date and time of check in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When checking in, the :guilabel:`Welcome (Employee)` message appears, along with the current date and time.
```

> If an employee has already logged in and out on the same day, When checking in, an :guilabel:`Hours
> Previously Today: HH:MM` message appears below the new check-in date and time, and details the total
> hours and minutes previously logged for the day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the employee has already checked in and out that day, an :guilabel:`Hours
Previously Today: HH:MM` message also appears, showing the total hours logged earlier.
```

When checking out, :guilabel:`Goodbye (Employee)` appears, as well as the date and time of check
out. Beneath the message is an :guilabel:`Hours Today: HH:MM` field, with the total hours and
minutes logged for the day.

> Beneath both the "welcome "and "goodbye" messages is an :guilabel:`OK` button. To exit the screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beneath both the "welcome" and "goodbye" messages is an :guilabel:`OK` button. To exit the screen
```
